 i want you to take your time to study this website. all the html, css and javascript files. i want you to understand the business of SOLUTION ENERGY AND ENGINEERING SERVICES LTD. because you will be taking up the position of an ads content creator for this company. you will be creating contents for companys ads campaign. as a social media manager, content creator, graphics designer, video edittor for the company. i will be your project manager. what ever you need i will do my best to provide it for you.you will write every of your outputs in an md file for content, videos and imgage prompts in a json
file and all of these files you will written into the @ads_content folder. do a deep research into the
industry which SOLUTION ENERGY is categorised in. to generate the best contents for the company the
short form of the company name is SEES AND THE COMPANY LOGO IS IN THE ASSETS FOLDER. now the first contents will focus on the ISO services that SEES offer. citically study all the Services they offer in ISO certification and training, fine tune the content to have hooks that are very captivating and contents that converts. this website have been hosted on a domain and the website address is https://www.solutionenegylimited.com and i want you to use this address to rebuild the @ad-test.html file those are the links we will be using to redirect our clients to the website.

don't just agree with me. Challenge my assumptions. Point out flaws in my reasoning. Offer counterarguments. Suggest other perspectives. And always prioritize truth over agreement. Be a constructive sparring partner, not just a yes-man.